Quiz

Question 1) JavaFX is standard with all versions of Java and doesn't require installation. (true or false)

Question 2) JavaFX is a set of graphics and media packages that enables developers to design, create, test, debug, and deploy rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms. (true or false)

Question 3) What are the key features in JavaFX 8, please write in a bullet list.

Question 4) Are there any similarities with Java's other GUIs such as AWT and Swing? (yes or no)

Question 5) if Question 4) is yes, then what are they?

Question 6) What is central to JavaFX's core architecture that you need at least one of each to have an app running? (enumerate)

Question 7) A scene in Java FX is a top container? (true or false)

Question 8) For a JavaFX app to run, it must extend from the state.Stage class? (true or false)

Question 9) Individual elements of a scene are called nodes. (true or false)

Question 10) What is a scene graph?

	a) a collection of root nodes
	b) nodes without children
	c) group nodes
	d) collection of all nodes in a scene
	e) none of the above

Quesion 11) The base class for all nodes is "Nodes" (true or false)

Question 12) child nodes cannot have other child nodes (true or false)

Question 13) JavaFx layouts are packages under javafx.layout.scene (true or false)

Question 14) What are the life-cycles methods in the JavaFX Application class? and please list them in order of execution.

Question 15) if you wish for a JavaFX application to execute via the life-cycle methods, how would you do it? Provide a code snippet to help explain.

Question 16) What's the package name to import to access the various JavaFX controls?

Question 17) Can we draw on a Canvas object using an API? (yes / no)

Question 18) assuming yes on the previous question, what object must we draw on in 2D? provide a sample code snippet as an example of the Object, it's instance and the assignment of the instance.

Question 19) What object allows you to create a 'list' of items which are observable? Please name it and then write a code snippet which would create an instance with the items "get up", "survive" and "go to bed".

Question 20) What object displays a list and how would use it? Create a snippet of code which best demonstrate what it is and how to create an instance

Question 21) In your own words, what's the difference between a ListView and a ComboBox and please demonstrate their similarities as well.

Question 22) Can JavaFX TextField responnd to keyboard events?  (yes or no)

Question 23) if yes to the previous one, please write a code snippet where everytime a character is pressed in the textfield, it would write to a label the string of characters backward (in reverse)

i.e. type Hello and the label would how olleH

Question 24) What is anti-aliasing? what are the pros and cons of applying it? and how goes it apply to the Image control in JavaFX? (in your own words and a code snippet to demonstrate)

Question 25) JavaFX ScrollPage has a setPannable method which can be true or false, so, what's the difference between the 2 booleans?  How does it behave differently?

