Quiz

Question 1) Are applets available in JDK 9 and up? (true or false)

Question 2) What would be the key reason, assuming you answered false in the previous question that applets are no longer available? (n/a if you answered true)

Question 3) What does the acronym GUI stand for?

Question 4) What flaws does AWT have which is addressed using Swing? (in your own words)

Question 5) What is Java's overarching philosophy?

Question 6) What are the key features which Swing offers which address the limitations associated with AWT components?

Question 7) What does the term 'lightweight' component mean when it comes to Swing?

Question 8) What is the term to define the mofified version of the classic MVC architecture which Swing uses?

Question 9) What are 2 key items which make up Swing GUI?

Question 10) follow-up to Question 9) what are their key differences?

Question 11) How many types of containers does Swing define?

Question 12) Enumerate the top level containers which do NOT inherit from the JComponent class (list)

Question 13) What term do we use for containers that specifically inherit from JComponent?

Question 14) Can you enumerate a few containers that inherit from JComponent?

Question 15) What are Swing Layout Managers? (in your own words)

Question 16) follow-up to Question 15) enumerate a few of them

Question 17) What is the default layout manager for a JFrame?

Question 18) Give me a quick definition of a BorderLayout and explain to me with a little code snippet how to use it if I wish to have 3 components stacked one on-top of each other

Question 19) In your own words, what is Java's Event Dispatching Thread mechanism in Swing?

Question 20) can you enumerate the methods available based on Question 19)?

Question 21) What would be the class to use if I needed to know the width and height of a component?

Question 22) In your own words (maybe a bullet list) what are the 3 main steps in the creation and use of a Swing Component?

Question 23) What component do we use in Swing to provide scrolling capabilities?

Question 24) JList has a selection model.  Create a code snippet to demonstrate how we can set one to select a single item

Question 25) Based on Question 24) please enumerate the various selection model available to a JList and provide a quick explanation of their features
