Quiz

Question 1) What class do all enumerations automatically inherit?

Question 2) Given the following enumeration, write a program that uses values( ) to show a list of the constants and their ordinal values.

enum Tools {
	SCREWDRIVER, WRENCH, HAMMER, PLIERS
}

Question 3) Define boxing and unboxing. How does autoboxing/unboxing affect these actions?

Question 4) Change the following fragment so that it uses autoboxing.

Short val = new Short(123);

Question 5) In your own words, what does static import do?

Question 6) An annotation can be applied only to methods. True or False?

Question 7)Generics are important to Java because they enable the creation of code that is
A. Type-safe
B. Reusable
C. Reliable
D. All of the above

Question 8) Can a primitive type be used as a type argument?

Question 9) As it relates to generics, what is the ? and what does it do?

Question 10) Can the wildcard argument be bounded?

Question 11) Do type parameters exist at run time?

Question 12) How can the following be simplified?

MyClass<Double,String> obj = new MyClass<Double,String>(1.1,"Hi");

Question 13) Which version of Java introduced the functionality of Enumerations?

Question 14) In your own words, what is an enumaration in Java?

Question 15) What's the difference between variables which are "final" and enumeration? (in your own words)

Question 16) What methods are predefined with all enumerations?

Question 17) Can you inherit a superclass when declaring an enum?

Question 18) Which version of Java introduced the functionality of autoboxing?

Question 19) Is it true that autoboxing/autounboxing is directly related to Java's Type Wrappers?

Question 20) What are Java Type Wrappers? Can you provide a demo (code snippet?)

Question 21) Is it true that primitive types inherit from the Object class?

Question 22) What feature in Java allows you to embed supplemental information to a source file?

Question 23) What are key features of Java's Generics?

Question 24) Can you write a general form of a generic class as a means of understanding its structure?

Question 25) What term best describes the usefulness of limiting types that can be passed to a type parameter. 

